TODO

0. FrontAccount - Adjust the receipt from customers to be a higher number
0. Put logo on payslips

0. Payroll to auto compute Pension Contibution based on formular after probation. 10% Employer 5% Employee
0. Check on receipt rule to ensure = Cheque, cash, Deposit, MPESA, YU Cash
0. Domain Transfer request expiry: after expiry of request, status should go back to “active”
1. Adding an MPESA transaction
2. Check on : refund and charge for a restoration on renewal
		    : refund on membership payment
 			: receipt transaction void with bank change
3. Monthly transactions summary and listing especially for Adjustments

Server
4. Log file rotate.
5. Upgrade to Postgresql 9.0

Done
1. 3 Notifation and copy to the Registrant - Test
2. Registrant details (Top in english; Local in Kiswahili} - Leave it as it is
3. New finacial system and it's Integration - Old system integrated
4. Review application process and emails - Test
5. Suspended domain only to have the whois details only - Test
6. Level of access - Registrar
7. Add a link on the page where you can get to the ftp site with the source - Make tutorial and add it on web site
8. Back end change of price on zone
9. Whois system
10. Credit statement for credit purchase and domain purchase
11. Invoice for Membership and renewal, Training
12. Mark * to manditory fields
13. Create Invoice, creditnote and receipt sequence number
14. Add words and cheque number on receipt, indicate if its cash or cheque
15. Change the Report footer 
16. Add expiry date on the invoice for the Registration and Renewal
17. Transfer {Domain Transfer} add from and to
18. Registry system Invoice report
19. Domain name on subject on renewals
20. Confirmation of renewal
21. Membership charges {Compel}
22. Download certificate of registration branding
23. Payroll finalisation
24. Have a date range report for transactions also be able to isolate people
25. Ensure domains is marked active on registration without editing
26. For deleted domain, when its re-registered it picks the very old date
27. When a registrars account has expired the system should deactivate domain registration/renewal
    We just realized that when someone searches for a domain, from the left-side panel, he still
    goes through the process of domain registration and finally registers that domain.
28. No membership renewal if balance/credit is less than 5,000
29. Check on host delete
30. Receipting...after "Save", filled-in info should disappear from the fields to avoid double "Saving" should someone click "save" again; Also include commas in the "Amount" value field;
31. Trail/audit of credit limit extension;
32. Client balance(back-end) to have a calendar so that you can see the client's balance a specific date;
33. Daily Transactions (Home)....indicate Invoice number; Range
34. On the administrator's side (Paul)
    When searching for clients it should show the  clients' date created
    It should also show Expiring client within a given period like it does for domains in the home page panel
    Notice for membership {30 days}
35. Credit statement: Show the balance brought forward on the current "Begin Date" instead of someone having to set the 
	"Begin date" manually to 27th December 2009.
36. Trail on who gave out credit limit, when and how much, audit trail on change of registration date without invoicing

37. Online Application Process
- Online application for .ke registrar acceditation
- Client name to Company Name - check if company exists
- Contact Person {two word}
- Two DNS servers {posibility to add more name servers} - check if domain exists
- Tie everything to the PIN remove cert or ID No.
- Link for confirmation of application, add on email that you have to wait approval.
- Send email for rejection
- Approval email to get the template
- add an immediate reload for the DNS
38. Migrate KENIC and Payroll to new baraza
39. MPESA reconcliation
40. Receipt number serialisation and error checks
41. Communication
	a. apply, Aggremment approval - send email on agrement and how to proceed
	b. Email confirming receipt, 
	c. Process the application, send an email link for your approval
	d. re-application - done by email
42. Training does not post on training account - test
43. Customer balances - check all transactions balance 
44. Bank reconciliation